# 2025-10-06 - NeoNephos Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

## Meeting Location

- [Meeting link to Zoom](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/92759697838?password=8cbe7411-952b-44d5-9bcf-0816ce9293ad)

## Meeting Slides / Content

- [docs/steering/meeting-notes](.)

## Attendees

### Technical Steering Committee Representatives

- [x] Jakob Möller - SAP
- [x] Gerald Morrison - SAP
- [x] Fabian Burth - SAP
- [ ] Frederic Wilhelm - SAP
- [x] Philipp Heil - SAP
- [x] Gergely Bräutigam - Individual Contributor

Quorum: ✅

## Agenda Items

- [x] Revisit Action Items
- [x] Update on TSC
  - [x] Update on the NeoNephos Guidelines
    - TAC Guidelines are very loose and currently in proposition stage
    - They are loose on purpose to avoid heavy legal review and ensure early acceptance by the TAC
    - We will likely not get any new enforced rules from the Guidelines that could collide with OCM as it stands
- [x] ocm.software + ODG = ? => discuss landing page (Pt. 2)
- [x] Decide on [OCM SIG Runtime Charter PR](https://github.com/open-component-model/open-component-model/pull/956) - to be discussed / voted on via PR merge decision

## Votes

- Remove Temporary Suspension of DCO Enforcement in ODG Project Repositories (4 to 1 in first Pass (Jakob abstained), 5 in favor of second vote)
- Security Officer Election
  > The security officer is the public contact for security related questions, issues and reports of the project.
  Currently, it is sufficient to list the TSC member holding the security role in the OWNERS.md. The security officer
  role can be held by any TSC member (including the chairperson) or other project contributors. Specific guidelines on
  the exact set of responsibilities and guidelines for the security officer are a future topic for the TAC.
  - Decision to use the TSC DL together with individual member mails as fallbacks for the Security Officer role.
- Governance Model and Submission Process for OCM SIGs. Electronic vote chosen based on the [PR](https://github.com/open-component-model/open-component-model/pull/858) and its approvals. Electronic vote without a meeting require a majority vote of all voting members of the TSC (4/6 votes needed). 5/6 votes reached on 2025-09-18
  > The TSC has approved the Governance Model and Submission Process for OCM SIGs as described in the linked PR with 4/6 votes.

## Action Items

- [x] Philipp to confirm ODG based repositories in OCM Github Organization only use Licenses acceptable for
  reuse under Apache 2.0 or MIT to conform with Charter.
  - ODG is license compliant and we are good to go. All licenses except OCM-Spec have now been approved.
- [ ] Jakob to update on License Compliance regarding OCM Specification
  - Because OCM Specification is not strictly "Code", it is not accepted from Linux Foundation and SAP Legal to be contributed under Apache 2.0. We likely need a custom License Agreement that is aligned with LF Legal.
  - Jakob will update once we have a decision on this.
  - We can proceed as is but stay in "draft stage" for now
- [x] Currently SAP OSPO still has Ownership and Jakob will reach out to them to limit Ownership. Jakob to create a
  small offboarding timeline together with SAP OSPO
  - Github Account for NeoNephos is the deciding factor. Once Project is moved to NeoNephos Github Org, OSPO will loose access as well.
  - [ ] Github Onboarding in Progress. To be continued (undetermined when actual migration is in place)
    - We are currently transitioning Github Account Ownership from SAP OSPO to NeoNephos TSC / TAC
    - Once done, OCM can choose a migration timeline.
  - The guidelines / enforced rules for the new Organization will be a superset of the rules enforced by SAP
- [x] Philipp to communicate options for ODG website so ODG maintainers can decide on preference
  - Capacity limits our current investment
  - ODG Team will shift this decision when time is available
  - OCM Core Maintainers are waiting for a nudge once "time is right"

## Next Meeting Agenda

- [ ] Revisit Action Items
- [ ] Update on TAC / TSC
  - [ ] Update on the NeoNephos Guidelines
  - [ ] Update on the OCM Spec License

## Antitrust Policy Notice

```text
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the 
intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable 
antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to 
meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited 
under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in 
connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust 
Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions 
about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the 
Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove 
LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
```
