# 2025-07-07 - NeoNephos Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 

## Meeting Location

Meeting link: [TBD].

## Meeting Slides / Content

- [docs/steering/meeting-notes](.)

- [Recording and Transcript](https://zoom.us/rec/share/F6ybjqSxFm2Du7NaeQYieTX8g8RwVqzYFdItZ5Hy0IoRSctkbm0XjWpEcUez9xwe.XnExQFK9Bd0Eguvy)

## Attendees

### Technical Steering Committee Representatives (TSC Voting Members)

- [X] Jakob Möller - SAP
- [X] Gerald Morrison - SAP (joined later, but present in all votes)
- [X] Fabian Burth - SAP
- [X] Frederic Wilhelm - SAP
- [ ] Christian Cwienk - SAP
- [X] Gergely Bräutigam - Individual Contributor - Voted in as TSC Voting Member

Quorum: ✅

### Non-Voting Representatives or Observing Participants

- [ ] Tristan Scheidemann
- [ ] Priyanka Sakundarwar
- [X] Maximilian Braun
- [ ] Niclas Moldenhauer
- [X] Gergely Bräutigam

## Agenda Items

## Votes

- Gergely Bräutigam as Candidate for TSC Voting Member / Individual Contributor (4/5 Votes)
- Forbid direct write access by default in the OCM Github Organization for any new repository (5/6 Votes)
- DCO that is present in current contributing guideline should be maintained and enforced in the OCM Github Organization. (5/6 Votes)
- All TSC Voting Members are eligible to vote for the list of OCM Github Organization Administrators. (5/6 Votes)
- Proposal for Github Project Administrators for the OCM Github Organization:
  - Christian Cwienk
  - Fabian Burth
  - Jakob Möller
  (5/6 Votes)

## Previous Action Items

- [X] Adjust descriptions to mention that OCM is now owned by NeoNephos, not SAP
- [X] Priyanka, Tristan: Look at our suggestions / comments on Project Charters
- [X] Present LFX Tooling in next meeting, setup for voting offline
- [X] Jakob: Contact Florian Müller regarding the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) and the mandatory enforcement as mentioned in the Project Charter.
- [X] Jakob to copy over internal prepared and accepted Charter into [CHARTER.md](../CHARTER.md) and publish it through the PR.
- [X] Fabian to double-check REUSE files in our OCM Organization for any non-compliant use.

## Action Items

- [ ] Tristan: Will the OCM Github Organization be contributed to NeoNephos / replaced by another Org?
  - This needs a follow-up / Maybe that's a TAC decision
  - Jakob to keep tracking this
- [ ] Fabian to check for DCO enforcement in the OCM Github Organization.
- [ ] Christian to confirm ODG based repositories in OCM Github Organization only use Licenses acceptable for reuse under Apache 2.0 or MIT to conform with Charter.
  - This needs a follow-up
- [ ] Jakob to ask OSPO when next TAC meeting is organized
- [ ] Jakob to ask OSPO to make TAC calls public
- [ ] Gergely to ask OSPO to get access to ApeiroRA community repo (currently internal, reach out for details)
- [ ] Jakob to add Gergely to the TSC

### Notes

- Revisit Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) and mandatory enforcement
- Present LFX tools, e.g. for voting
  - LFX tools presented and TSC members are onboarded.
  - Gerald asked for LFX project admin access for everyone, but that was rejected by Tristan
  - Currently onboarded are Fabian, Frederic, Gerald, Jakob. (If we have issues with that, we can escalate via LF ticket)
- PCC Admin Tool Maintenance
  - Formatting Meeting Invites should be possible via HTML syntax (waiting for Gerald to get his access to verify this)
- Discuss project onboarding (possibly NeoNephos Github)
  - Project onboarding from our side almost complete, pending Domain Transfer / Mailing List as well as OCM Offboarding from SAP infrastructure.
- Discuss Github Code Owners "Reset" (Charter states: A Contributor may
  become a Code Owners by a majority approval of the existing Code Owners.)
- Discuss GitHub Repository Branch Protection rules
  - Are there requirements/best-practices of LF/CNCF/NeoNephos?
  - Should creation of branches be restricted?
    Answer: Github Repo Setup of ApeiroRA (apeirora/community/Project/Project_Security_Guide.md#github-repository-setup) => Guidance is yes we should add branch protection rules.

## Next Meeting Agenda

- Dependency for Domain Transfer / Mailing List as well as OCM Offboarding from SAP infrastructure.
- Discuss Github Code Owners "Reset" (Charter states: A Contributor may
  become a Code Owners by a majority approval of the existing Code Owners.)
- Discuss Rights of Github Maintainers Team in Github Organization ([Maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/open-component-model/teams/maintainers) and [Collaborators](https://github.com/orgs/open-component-model/teams/collaborators))

## Antitrust Policy Notice

```text
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the 
intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable 
antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to 
meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited 
under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in 
connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust 
Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions 
about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the 
Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove 
LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
```
