# 2025-08-04 - NeoNephos Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

## Meeting Location

- [Meeting link to Zoom](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/92759697838?password=8cbe7411-952b-44d5-9bcf-0816ce9293ad)

## Meeting Slides / Content

- [docs/steering/meeting-notes](.)

## Attendees

### Technical Steering Committee Representatives

- [ ] Member - Organization

Quorum: ✅ / ❌

### Non-Voting Representatives or Observing Participants

- [ ] Member

## Agenda Items

- ODG representation at the TSC
  - add Philipp Heil (@zkdev) to the TSC
  - Christian would become emeritus
- Revisit previous action items
  - [ ] Tristan: Will the OCM Github Organization be contributed to NeoNephos / replaced by another Org?
    - This needs a follow-up / Maybe that's a TAC decision
    - Jakob to keep tracking this
  - [ ] Fabian to check for DCO enforcement in the OCM Github Organization.
  - [ ] Christian to confirm ODG based repositories in OCM Github Organization only use Licenses acceptable for reuse under Apache 2.0 or MIT to conform with Charter.
    - This needs a follow-up
  - [ ] Jakob to ask OSPO when next TAC meeting is organized
  - [ ] Jakob to ask OSPO to make TAC calls public
  - [ ] Gergely to ask OSPO to get access to ApeiroRA community repo (currently internal, reach out for details)
  - [ ] Jakob to add Gergely to the TSC
- Discuss the relation of Open Delivery Gear and Open Component Model
  - ODG is a project under the OCM umbrella, but not all OCM projects are ODG projects.
  - There is the wish from Christian to have a clear distinction between ODG and OCM and to separate the projects
  - We had an incident in which the DCO enforcement was temporarily suspended in the ODG project
- Discuss Github Organization [owners](http://github.com/orgs/open-component-model/people?query=role%3Aowner)

## Votes

- Remove Temporary Suspension of DCO Enforcement in ODG Project Repositories

## Action Items

- [ ] Tristan: Will the OCM Github Organization be contributed to NeoNephos / replaced by another Org?
  - This needs a follow-up
- [ ] Fabian to check for DCO enforcement in the OCM Github Organization.
- [ ] Christian to confirm ODG based repositories in OCM Github Organization only use Licenses acceptable for reuse under Apache 2.0 or MIT to conform with Charter.
  - This needs a follow-up
- [ ] Jakob to revisit the OCM Project Onboarding and the Github Org move once the first TAC meeting has taken place.

## Next Meeting Agenda

- [ ] TODO

## Antitrust Policy Notice

```text
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the 
intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable 
antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to 
meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited 
under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in 
connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust 
Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions 
about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the 
Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove 
LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
```
